chore: Add 2022 post (#237)
tensorchord/envd-docs: docs/blog/2022.md

---
author: 'Ce Gao'
avatar: 'https://www.github.com/gaocegege.png'
github: 'https://github.com/gaocegege'
twitter: 'https://twitter.com/gaocegege'
introduction: 'Do cool things that matter | Co-founder @tensorchord | Co-chair @kubeflow | ex-@Tencent, @bytedance, @caicloud'
---

# TensorChord: 2022 in Review

In just six months, TensorChord has accomplished amazing feats with the launch of the first open source project [envd](https://github.com/tensorchord/envd)! To celebrate this success and look ahead to 2023, we wanted to share our journey so far and provide insight into what's in store for us over the next year!

## Open Source community

> On June 18th, 2022 envd officially opened its doors to the public. We were overwhelmed with feedback from our community and we could not be more delighted about it! Since then, we've had 100+ Pull Requests in just over 4 months - a remarkable achievement by any standard. Even better news: With 1024 GitHub stars in under 5 months since open source release.

Reviewer: Shall we use `envd` or plain "envd"?

## envd

envd takes the hassle out of setting up a development environment for AI/ML.  Don't get bogged down in tedious configuration - let envd make it easy to focus on your work!

Development environments are full of python and system dependencies, CUDA, BASH scripts, Dockerfiles, SSH configurations, Kubernetes YAMLs, and many other clunky things that are always breaking. envd is to solve the problem.

With envd, your development process can be more efficient. It enables you to create tight-knit and easily reusable workflows with just a few lines of code. In no time at all, running 'envd up' will have you training models in an isolated environment - tapping into the power of modern development tools without any extra hassle.

```python
def build():
base(os="ubuntu20.04", language="python3")
# Configure the pip index if needed.
# config.pip_index(url = "https://pypi.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/simple")
install.python_packages(name = [
"numpy",
])
shell("zsh")
```

Check out our official [documentation](https://envd.tensorchord.ai/) for more information or join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/KqswhpVgdU) and let's talk about it together. See you there!

## Future plans

> As we enter 2023, there is still plenty of work to be done in order for us to fully optimize the system. We are dedicating our focus on building performance, as well as fine-tuning and serving large models - all essential tasks that will help drive further progress this year!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we enter 2023, there is still plenty of work for us to be done in order to fully optimize the system. We are dedicating our focus on building performance, as well as fine-tuning and serving large models - all essential tasks that will help drive further progress this year!
```

> As we enter 2023, there is still plenty of work to be done in order for us to fully optimize the system. We are dedicating our focus on building performance, as well as fine-tuning and serving large models - all essential tasks that will help drive further progress this year!

Reviewer 2: dedicating our focus on building performance -> dedicating our focus to build speed

> Not only that, get ready to experience the power of envd with our brand new online demo server running on Kubernetes! If you're already using it, tell us about the experience in [Discord](https://discord.gg/KqswhpVgdU).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not only that, but get ready to experience the power of envd with our brand-new online demo server running on Kubernetes! If you're already using it, tell us about the experience at [Discord](https://discord.gg/KqswhpVgdU).
```

> It's no secret that the machine learning process still needs a few tweaks here and there.  But don't worry - we won't stop until it runs like an absolute dream!  With any luck, 2023 holds something special in store for us all – so stay tuned to see what exciting new developments we can bring your way.

Reviewer 2: Author Footer missed

Author: It's in the head line.
